alright looks like it sounds like
they're gonna get her going again here
yep
waiting for Scotty Morris and he's
getting on his sled right now
be kind of a short runs but by the time
it turns here a year on Black River and
Port Huron not sure who does the plowing
but they looks like they're getting
ready for an oval circuit here maybe I
don't know not real sure what's
happening but okay here comes the other
guy Scotty got nutty on the Left Scotty
Morrison on the right waiting quite a
while oh there we go
we go
that was a good run by the nutty
brothers Oh tell this one t-bone nope
just in time
I'm gonna talk about it down there what
are you gonna say maybe it's God he had
a bad hole shot I don't know what
happened or maybe he didn't - nope that
time he took off
all right I'm gonna probably try it
again I'm sure everybody likes doing it
again
all I gotta go
kind of blurry too
yeah they're gonna try it again
oh maybe not I thought they were Oh
moving back with you